hey guys it's been a while since I've
trade binders do that have an angel puts
evangelist eternity place little guy
stunner monk three intrepid hero place
of stony silence riders of gavin from my
medic captain of the watch planar
cleansing no dark master tactician
Harold forecasters crusade to angel of
glory's rise faith reward isn't sliver
Abbess an angel of hope and a ley line
of sanctity elvish archdruid to tree of
redemption to wolf bitten captives to
parallel lives place it up well behind
place suitable mall tracker to Sundberg
old sage place out of predator ruse to
revenge of the hunted place of a
predatory rampage to view the back play
some gutter Graham place it to kiss of
cage breakers once foil deranged outcast
to boundless realms to champion of lamil
to descendants path to primal surge to
essence of the wild current repository
thragtusk Bruce liver and a true
believer to call to the grave to dread
slaver to scourge that high priest
playset of demon lord vag mouth to blood
gift demon to one doesn't know madness
gloom surgeon three treacherous
pittwater place at a free / from the
abyss so i'll be apocalypse of the
bloodline demonic arising to phylactery
lich bunch of wits end r plus seven
eight into the shadows killing wave
bridge from below there is some
whitening in this corner and think
that's it but it's in a pretty full
relentless rats five or six exquisite
blood blood chief ascension undead war
chief three-term burger Devils will
world fire malignus too had a grizzle
brand blasphemous act hamlet bad Goliath
as those conscripts 3 heretics
punishment 3 true an outlaw 3 is to get
your gang to right of ruin toodle
casting slum a slumbering dragon tired
of discord Thailand
three farming Phoenix Falcon Roth
Marauders cursive bloodletting reports
his whole art when dragon increasing
vengeance modern and shaman burn at the
stake strum Kirk noble ash zealot
bonfire of the damned Magus of the Moon
to devastation tied a battle of wits to
miss hollow Griffin that i navigator
kept in the mists through stolen good
three cackling counterpart three back on
the break storm title by Ethan undead
alchemist my sugar having a room behind
her 10 spoilers to call duck call to the
Kindred place at a rooftop storm some
guys to omniscience spirit away girl's
mind crasher avoid stalker spell twine
counter lash traumatized one from m10
one from ninth a cura a great glass
spinner there is a little bit of white
where the hell is it some were on the
top I can't I'll get to it but it's
enough pretty damn good condition
conjures closet stuffy doll trading post
we're chanter spike grimoire of the Dead
movie silver spear to pithing needle
graph Tiger's cage to door to
nothingness other world atlas gals at
Willow Hill hell halt isochron scepter
movement said draco genius if Magus
elemental names that the fire mind a
play set of rakdos is a golgari in
celeste new term foil unexpected results
merciless eviction rupp decay a playset
of evil twin clan defiance and dusk
battles here to Helene crucible 2 3 4 or
twists refuge to valued drowned yard
Slater stronghold to desolate lighthouse
to holler fountains and two overgrown
tunes and yeah that's it not a whole lot
in there but is what it is so yeah
hopefully getting some trades going
again it's been a while and a poached
red blood yes so thank you for watching